Add initial documentation for TFLite frontend (#6278)
google/iree: docs/website/docs/ml-frameworks/tensorflow-lite.md

# TensorFlow Lite Integration

> IREE supports compiling and running pre-trained TFLite models.  It converts a model to [TOSA MLIR](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/TOSA/), then compiles it into a VM module.

Reviewer: I think we should spell out "TensorFlow Lite" throughout, or at least explain the abbreviation (`pre-trained TensorFlow Lite (TFLite) models`).

```suggestion
IREE supports compiling and running pre-trained TensorFlow Lite models. 
It converts a model to [TOSA MLIR](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/TOSA/),
then compiles it into a VM module.
```

## Prerequisites

> Download a pre-trained TFLite model from the list of [hosted models](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models).

Reviewer: mention the TensorFlow Lite converter
also a few nits: wrap lines at 80 characters and spell out "TensorFlow Lite"

```suggestion
Download a pre-trained TensorFlow Lite model from the list of
[hosted models](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models)
or convert your own model to a TensorFlow Lite model using the
[TensorFlow Lite converter](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/convert).
```

Install IREE pip packages, either from pip or by
[building from source](../building-from-source/optional-features.md#building-python-bindings):

```shell
python -m pip install \
  iree-compiler-snapshot \
  iree-runtime-snapshot \
  iree-tools-tflite-snapshot \
  -f https://github.com/google/iree/releases
```

## Importing models

Fist, import the TFLite model to TOSA MLIR:

```shell
iree-import-tflite \
  sample.tflite \
  -o sample.mlir
```

Next, compile the TOSA MLIR to a VM flatbuffer, using either the command line tools or the [Python API](https://google.github.io/iree/bindings/python/):

#### Using the command-line tool

``` shell
iree-translate \
  --iree-mlir-to-vm-bytecode-module \
  --iree-hal-target-backends=vmvx \
  sample.mlir \
  -o sample.vmfb
```

#### Using the python API

``` python
from iree.compiler import compile_str
with open('sample.mlir') as sample_tosa_mlir:
  compiled_flatbuffer = compile_str(sample_tosa_mlir.read(), target_backends=["vmvx"])
```

> The flatbuffer can then be loaded to a VM module and run through IREE's runtime.

Reviewer: There is also a choice of bindings to use here (native or tflite)

```cmake
    "-iree-native-bindings-support=false"
    "-iree-tflite-bindings-support"
```

We'll want to link to https://google.github.io/iree/bindings/tensorflow-lite/ (when that has content), or maybe just fold that page into this one.

## Samples

| Colab notebooks |  |
| -- | -- |
Text classification with TFLite and IREE | [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/google/iree/blob/main/colab/tflite_text_classification.ipynb)

!!! todo

>     [Issue#3954](https://github.com/google/iree/issues/3954): Add documentation for an Android demo using the [TFLite bindings](https://google.github.io/iree/bindings/tensorflow-lite/), once it is complete at [not-jenni/iree-android-tflite-demo](https://github.com/not-jenni/iree-android-tflite-demo).

Reviewer: We should introduce both the TensorFlow Lite C API and Java bindings.

Author: I updated the comment to mention the Java bindings.  Is there a good sample of the TensorFlow Lite C API that I could link to?

Reviewer: https://github.com/google/iree/blob/main/bindings/tflite/smoke_test.cc is all we have so far

# TensorFlow Lite Integration

IREE supports compiling and running pre-trained TensorFlow Lite (TFLite)

> models.  It converts a model to [TOSA MLIR](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/
> TOSA/), then compiles it into a VM module.

Reviewer: Do these links work as written?

To break markdown lines at 80 characters, put any `[title](some-really-long-url-that-makes-this-go-beyond-80-characters)` links on a line by themselves

```suggestion
models.  It converts a model to
[TOSA MLIR](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/TOSA/),
then compiles it into a VM module.
```
